we wanted to explore what makes a family.
We brought together seven families for
the biggest cast of Odd Man Out yet.
And we are a family.
We are a family.
We're a family.
And we're a family.
And we are a family.
One is a liar.
If the group discovers who the liar is,
they'll split a cash prize.
If the liar remains, they'll win the cash prize.
This is Odd Man Out.
And I'm Ryan.
And we're from Orange County, California.
Are you guys excited?
Uh, yeah.
Heck yeah.
To win this thing.
I'm Iris.
Iris, I'm Liberty.
And we are family.
We live in Anchorage, Alaska.
So we're gonna rely heavily on our
intuition, ask a lot of questions.
Hi, I'm Tamara.
And we are from London.
And we are...
The family.
Lux.
It's honestly my favorite YouTube show,
so I'm pretty excited to be part of it.
And she dragged me into it.
The truth will come out easy.
Yeah, if they're nervous around each other.
My name is Emily.
My name is Chris.
And we're twins.
Fraternal.
Rat twins.
Ew.
Hi, I'm Jacqueline.
I'm Jayda.
I'm Jordan.
I'm Raj.
And I'm Huey.
We got to analyze everyone.
Hi, my name is Phu.
Hi, my name is Lynn.
So the strategy that we are planning to
use is to look at people's body language
and looking for answers that are generic
and there is no uniqueness in them.
I think we're gonna catch who the mole is
pretty soon.